After completing the assignment, be sure to push to Github and Heroku.
Please answer the questions in this text file and submit it to I-Learn.

1. Copy and paste the URL for your web application (e.g., Heroku):

    Your video was so helpful!  Thank you so much!  I wouldn't have figured all 
    of that out on my own.

    https://git.heroku.com/cse341-lebaron.git

    https://cse341-lebaron.herokuapp.com/

2. Copy and paste the URL for your source code repository (e.g., GitHub):

    https://github.com/jenlebaron/cse341.git

3. Briefly list and describe the elements of the application that are functioning. 

4. Briefly describe any pieces of the assignment that are not yet working correctly.

5. Briefly describe the "coolest" thing you learned while completing this assignment.

    I do like seeing my app on heroku.  I think that is pretty cool.

6. If you could change this assignment to be more effective or helpful, what would you change?

    I have a hard time anytime we are having to use and install new programs.  It is probably user 
    error but things just don't go smoothly for me.  It would be helpful if they gave and actual 
    link to the website on what we should use for MongoDB.  And a video that is up-to-date on what 
    the website looks like so we know we are on the correct one. 

    Can I just say that I hate these videos?  This week was so confusing!  I don't feel that I learned 
    anything about what was taught in the lesson because of how we skipped the chapters and then he does 
    code and then changes it.  Why not do it the way we will be using it from the beginning?  It doesn't 
    help me learn.  It makes it more confusing.

7. Please select the category you feel best describes your assignment:
  
   5 - Shows creativity and excels above and beyond requirements

8. Provide a brief justification (1-2 sentences) for selecting that category

    I chose this because my sync on VS somehow got unlinked with the master and all of my commits
    that I had done for the last 2 days were erased and I had to start over.  Yay for me for this code working again.